In this video, I'm going to go over five
things that you have to do when hiring a
new employee for your agency. And you'll
typically go through these things within
the first 30 days. After the first 30
days, you can change a lot of these
things from daily to weekly or monthly.
But I really think that you should be
developing these five habits for the
first 30 days. I've hired over 125
people for my agencies in the past. I
was very unsuccessful when I was in my
earlier years at hiring and training and
managing people. But since I've had a
combination of these five things, I've
done a lot better. Still not perfect,
but better than probably 99% of the
people out there. So, I'm going to go in
and do step number one here, which is
going to be onboarding. So onboarding is
typically thought of as kind of a thing
you do with your clients, but it really
should be something that you do with
your employees, right? As well. So in an
employee onboarding thing, there's three
main things that I like to think about.
The first is going to be a course. And
that is kind of like similar to if you
made a course to sell to people, you'd
have kind of the exact same thing, but
for your own internal employee training.
So, if we go back up here and we go to
the scale your agency funnel here, let's
just say we were hiring to help us run
our client acquisition and it was for
some role. For this example, I'm kind of
going to pinpoint that to being outreach
and specifically cold email. So, you'd
have this course for this and that would
cover the, you know, main parts of doing
it. So, list building,
uh, making an
offer, what would it be another one?
script. Uh, another one could be
deliverability, of course. Let's just
say
that. You don't need to write out the
full word. Uh, offer list script, you
know, appointment settings/inbox
management. And then, you know, that
could be good. You know, let's put the
setup as well. So in this course for
your internal employee training, you
would have modules that have videos,
they have stepby step, they have
examples, they have all that kind of
stuff for every part of their job. So
the course could be, you know, a
one-part course if their job is simple.
It could be a 100part course if their
job is more in-depth, but you kind of
want to have this for every single role.
So the first thing is the course and
basically we'll think of that as the
modules and the learning material. The
second thing we want to do for this is
we're going to call it
assignments and that is basically what
are you doing with this course material.
So after the list building situation or
the list building module, we might have
okay, make me a list of
this target market or maybe it could be
multiple just to prove that when they're
going through their list building,
they're actually developing and learning
the skills that they need to. Another
one for the offers, it could be, you
know, make me an offer for X, Y, and Z
demographic or target audience. That
could be another offer or another
assignment. and then you know write a
script for that. And these assignments
are very very important to basically
um prove that they're progressing. If
they're not progressing, if they're
going through the course and it's been,
you know, 30 days already and they're
just absolutely terrible at it, probably
not a good fit. And that probation
period should probably be end in, you
know, they don't work here anymore if
you really want to be honest and do the
truth here. And the next is going to be
the feedback. So as they're going
through the assignments, you should be
giving them the feedback as like, okay,
let's just say in this hypothetical
scenario, they made an offer for a B2B
SAS or an e-commerce email marketing
agency. The last part is the feedback
from you, their peers, and then their
supervisor, or if they have one, you
know, for a smaller agency that'll be
just you. people in their department,
their supervisor, you are giving them
feedback on all of this stuff and that's
very very important to it. So that is
phase one and that's going to be
onboarding. This whole process is
probably going to take 30 days, 14 to 30
days depending on the role. Some roles
are more in-depth, some roles are more
complicated, but think of these as the
list of all your video SOPs that you've
made over the course of the lifetime of
your agency, all kind of prepackaged in
an intentional way to where that they
can
actually learn from it. A bonus point
when you do this is that if you do it in
an intentional and high quality way, you
can basically repackage all of this and
sell it as an in like an external course
as one of your offers on for your agency
which is right here. So if someone comes
through your funnel, let's just say
they're qualified in the sense that they
are part of your target market, but you
just determine that they don't have
enough money for your recurring service
or intro offer. you can really send them
to the course and still monetize them in
a very effective way. So, it kind of
kills two birds in one stone when you do
this. You're actually going to hire and
train people correctly, but you're also
going to be developing another offer at
the same time. And that's exciting when
we can basically kill two birds with one
stone. The second thing here is going to
be daily one-on- ons. And you're going
to do this at a minimum for 30 days, but
you're probably going to be doing that
at a weekly basis for more than that.
So, there's going to be kind of like
similar things here. You're going to do
it one-on-one with
you. You're going to do it every member
of their
department, of their team, and you're
going to do it with their supervisor.
And this is very important in the first
30-day period for a couple of reasons.
For number one, you're going to build
kind of rapport and like a relationship
with everybody on the team. That's
important. The biggest hurdle or bad
team chemistry or team culture is they
just don't know each other. So, if
they're in this hypothetical cold email
department and there's multiple people
because maybe you do cold email as a
service, you're going to have the daily
one-on ones for even 10 minutes with
you, a member of the cold email
department. Maybe that's 10 members. So,
every two weeks they'd have a 10 like a
10-minute one-on-one with every single
person, 10 work days, you know, a
different person every day. And then
their supervisor, you and your
supervisor can be kind of
interchangeable. You don't need to do
both. And especially as your agency
grows, you probably wouldn't you be in
there. It'd probably be their supervisor
taking over. But it's very important to
build that rapport and that
relationship. The next thing that this
gets is a bunch of feedback cuz you know
presumably you every member of their
department and then their supervisor
actually knows what you're doing in
terms of your agency. We you know very
well hope so, right? and the rapport,
the relationship, and the feedback are
going to be absolutely invaluable in the
first 30
days in terms of what they're giving
feedback on. Like a lot of the time I
had it up here, that's going to be their
assignments. That's going to be where
they like need access. They don't know
what to do in this case. Like this is
going to be extremely valuable to them.
The next thing you want to do in this
30-day period, it should be number
three, not number four, is you want to
do the daily five, which basically means
in this case, five things that they have
to do every single day. So, we want to
plan both their one-off tasks, but as
well as their habits.
So there's always going to be and I'm a
big proponent of the first hour to two
of every employees day. They have their
recurring habits and that's going to be
different on the role. But you need to
basically define those habits, how to do
them, train them on doing those. So no
matter what they get done in, you know,
hour three to hour eight of the day,
those habits are always the first
priority and those habits always get
done. So example of this, this could be
checking to make sure you know all of
the replies in the inbox are replied to.
This could be sure to make all of the
campaigns are delivering. It should be
you could be making sure to okay, do we
need to scrape another list? Or it could
be going over the analytics and do we
need to write a new script because we're
not getting enough positive replies in
this cold email example. You want to
have these habits as kind of the
cornerstone or the foundation or the
bedrock of their job. And then the
one-off habits are stuff that builds the
business forward, you know, builds
business. And if you can do that and you
can plan these out ahead of them,
especially in the first 30 days, cuz
after that, they'll know what their
habits are. They'll have them in their
calendar, and then their supervisor and
team member can put the one-off habits
inside the project management tool.
They'll have an extremely good
foundation, and they'll be a very useful
employee for you. in terms of if you're
looking for guidance from me right now
like what these habits should be. It
should be anything that's you know you
do
already. I don't know why this is if
you're looking at the screen it's going
black inside here. That could save you a
lot of time you know as you the founder
like part of the reason you hire is to
buy back your time so you can spend more
time on higher leverage tasks. So,
anything you do in this case for cold
email, like that list building, like the
building reports, like that stuff, those
are the habits that you'd be training
them to do right away and it would save
you a lot of time for your
business. The next thing we want to do
to change the color of the pen here is
we want to do the what Alex Hermosi
calls, and I think I read this in his
first book, the Gym Launch book, the
start, stop, keep method. And I really
like this. So basically, it's very
simple. At the end of every day for
their first 30 days, and you probably do
this or like after their 30 days period
are up once a week for ever in my
opinion, it's you'd have a list of
things that you send them a message. So,
oops, I don't know what I'm doing on the
screen here.
I am getting really pissed off at
whatever is happening on the screen
here. So, so you send them a
message, you know, list of things to
start doing that they're not, list of
things to stop doing that they
are that they
are, and things to keep doing that
they're doing a good job.
So the value in this is like okay things
to start doing. You know you're
basically need to do a better job on
this list. You need to start going in
depth and doing 20 minutes of QA on this
list for cold email that you did just
because I don't think that it's a
perfect list. You could say another way
to frame this is before you export the
cold email list, start looking at the
first two pages of contacts in the
whatever tool you're scraping. And if at
least 80% of them aren't basically in
the ICP, then you need to build the list
better cuz it's never going to be 100%
perfect, but it should be at least 8020.
An example of the start stop doing, you
know, stop taking so long to respond.
You could also reframe that to start
responding within 5 minutes during the
day. It shouldn't take you 30 minutes
for a response and then keep doing like
you are doing a great job writing these
scripts. Keep it up type thing. This is
invaluable feedback for the first 30
days of a new hire and it's invaluable
feedback for basically everybody on a
weekly basis. What I usually do at my
companies is Friday evening I'll do the
start, stop, and keep for every
employee. And in the situation that I
have too many like at my previous agency
to do this where I don't even know a lot
of the employees, it would be their
manager's responsibility and I'd be
basically doing it for the manager and
it would be a top- down approach. Very
invaluable feedback for the first 30
days to do on a daily basis. And then as
you keep doing it, day seven comes, day
14, day 21, they're going to need less
and less of this over time. But I still
do this on a weekly basis for all my
employees and all my companies. It's
very very important. The final one is
basically a training one from
um pretty much every good project
management book ever, but it's they
called the duplicate method. So
basically what you do, and I've heard a
lot of people make videos about this
too, so it's pretty common these days as
well, is basically you're going to
document slashcreate an SOP of
everything you do. Think of it as one
big checklist. It's probably the best
way to do it. And with this checklist,
you should be able to do the task 100%.
With only the checklist. If you cannot
do it with only the checklist, then it's
not a good checklist. It's not proper.
You're going to get them on a Zoom call.
So, you're probably going to do this
daily in the first 30 days or their
supervisor is going to. You're going to
get a on the Zoom call and you're going
to do the task in front of them using
only the checklist. Again, if you can't
do it with only the checklist, you have
background knowledge or nuance that you
have it in your brain that's not in the
checklist, it's not a proper SOP, it's
not a proper document, it's not a proper
checklist, and you're going to have to
fix it. Once you have successfully done
it with just the checklist, they will do
it in front of you using only the
checklist. And this is the essence of
training. When you hear people, you got
to train your employees. Like this is
essentially what they mean by that and
what you should be doing. You have the
training, the checklist, whatever. You
do it in front of them. They're watching
intently. They do it in front of you.
And if they can do it in front of you to
the same quality that you did it in
front of them, they are trained now. And
that's basically the essence of it. So,
a combination of these five habits. To
recap, you want to basically have daily
one-on- ones for the first 30 days. Plan
out their five tasks per day. Tell them
what they should stop doing, start
doing, and keep doing, and then
basically train them by the duplication
method. You are going to have very good
first 30-day training. And that is going
to make them more useful in general, but
also quicker and lead to higher employee
engagement and higher churn. Remember,
the best employees can choose where they
work. They don't have to work for you.
You're not doing them a favor. You need
the best employees more than they need
you as their employer. And this system
will obviously make them better
employees, but it also lead to a much
much higher first impression or much
much better first impression. And that's
going to basically decrease employee
churn over time. Just like you'd want to
decrease customer churn, you also want
to decrease employee churn because it's
very expensive to hire good employees in
terms of money but also time investment
and you don't want to have significant
employee churn. So, I hope this video
was helpful and I'll see you in the next